Partner Manager - Reorg of architecture and trading partner topics (#139)
mulesoft/docs-partner-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/create-partner.adoc

> = Configure a New Trading Partner

Reviewer: Create and Configure?

Create a partner by specifying the partner's name, identifiers, endpoints, validation rules, and other settings.

== Prerequisites

> Before you create your first partner, you must xref:setup-payload-storage-API.adoc[configure your payload storage API].

Reviewer: Working to avoid modal verbs....
```suggestion
Before you create your first partner, xref:setup-payload-storage-API.adoc[configure your payload storage API].
```

> You need the following information to create a partner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Obtain the following information:
```

* The partner's name (usually the name of the company)
* One or more partner identifiers (such as the AS2 ID, X12-ISA, X12 GS, and so on)

== Create the Partner

> To create a partner:

Reviewer: Suggestion to avoid simply repeating the title:
```suggestion
After meeting the prerequisites to create a partner:
```

. In Partner Manager, select *Partners* in the navigation menu.
. Click *Create partner*.
. Enter the following information:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Setting a| Description
| *Name*

> | Name that easily identifies your partner

Reviewer: Name > A text string?

| *Type*

> | Identifier type

Reviewer: Provide some examples?
```suggestion
| Identifier type, for example, blah
```

| *Qualifier*

> | Qualifier value that appears if you selected *X12-ISA* or *EDIFACT-UNB* as the type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Value that appears if you selected *X12-ISA* or *EDIFACT-UNB* as the type
```

| *Identifier Value*
| Value that uniquely identifes your partner
|===
+
. Click *Create partner*.

== Configure Additional Partner Settings

> You can add the following settings for the new partner either now or later on:

Reviewer: modal:
```suggestion
Add the following settings for the new partner, either now or later on:
```
OR
```suggestion
Optionally add the following settings for the new partner, either now or later on:
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Settings |Action a|Additional Information
|Information about the partner, such as the partner's address, website, and contact details.
| Click *Edit* in the *About* section.
|
| One or more identifiers to associate with the partner.
| Click *New* in the *Identifiers* section.
| xref:partner-manager-identifiers.adoc[Sender and Receiver Identifiers]
| The partner's digital certificates, such as X.509 certificates. (*Are there usually multiple digital certificates?*)
| Click *New* in the *Certificates* section.
|
| The endpoints to use for sending and receiving messages to and from your partner, including acknowledgement endpoints.
| Click *New* in the *Endpoints* section.
| xref:create-endpoint.adoc[Create and Configure Endpoints]

> | Acknowledgements, validations, and control numbers for each message format the partner will use. For X12, you can also configure character sets and separators (X12 send format only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Acknowledgements, validations, and control numbers for each message format that the partner uses. For X12, you can also configure character sets and separators (X12 send format only).
```

| Click the links in the *Validation and acknowledgement* settings.
a|
* xref:edifact-receive-read-settings.adoc[EDIFACT Receive Settings]
* xref:edifact-send-settings.adoc[EDIFACT Send Settings]
* xref:x12-receive-read-settings.adoc[X12 Receive Settings]
* xref:x12-send-settings.adoc[X12 Send Settings]
|===

== Next Step

> Once you have created a partner and configured partner-level endpoints (if needed), you can set up message flows. *Do you have to create partner endpoints? Can you use only host endpoints for a partner*)

Reviewer: GLOBAL, for translation: once > after
Also, simple present tense.
```suggestion
After you create a partner and configure partner-level endpoints (if needed), set up message flows. *Do you have to create partner endpoints? Can you use only host endpoints for a partner*)
```
